my view of this line of work it's it hasn't changed that much again you
just kinda go into each and every situation each and every two were
looking to affected positively and the things that you learned and
the things that or deals and experiences that you go through a you
just take it on as a a learning experience something that you could
add in your toolbox to help someone or some thing going for so my outlook
on this career it's it's still the same still move headed out
to save the world or help someone say to work and just to be in and
incorporate a positive and productive working environment in whatever
command a situation that I'm going to